Virtual Trainer
Introduction
The Virtual Trainer App is an Android application designed to help users with their exercise routines. 
This app offers a wide variety of exercises along with a built-in timer to guide users through their workout sessions. 
Whether you are a beginner looking to kickstart your fitness journey or an experienced athlete in need of a workout companion, this app has got you covered.

The primary objective of this app is to provide a user-friendly platform for fitness enthusiasts to access a collection of exercises, time themselves during workouts, and stay motivated to achieve their fitness goals.

Features
Exercise Library: The app includes a diverse library of exercises for users to choose from. These exercises cover various muscle groups and workout styles.

Customizable Timer: Users can set custom timers for each exercise, enabling them to control the duration of their workout and rest intervals between exercises.

Instructional Content: Detailed instructions and visual aids for each exercise ensure that users perform them with proper form and technique.

Workout Logging: Users can track their workout history, including the duration, exercises performed, and calories burned.

Progress Tracking: The app allows users to set fitness goals, track their progress, and make improvements over time.

User Profiles: Users can create profiles to personalize their workout experience and store their fitness data.

Social Sharing: Share your workout achievements and progress with friends and family on social media platforms.

Getting Started
Prerequisites
Before you get started, make sure you have the following:

Android Studio installed on your development machine.
An Android device or emulator for testing.
Installation
Clone the repository to your local machine:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/janhavimahajan00/VirtualTrainer
Open the project in Android Studio.

Build and run the project on your Android device or emulator.

Usage
Launch the app on your Android device.
Create or log in to your user profile.
Explore the exercise library and select an exercise you'd like to do.
Set a timer for the exercise and follow the instructions.
Log your workout details, track your progress, and achieve your fitness goals!
